hello hello anybody out there cuz i
don't hear sound oh i don't really know
where the world is miss you know chapter
two translation by now you must have
guessed just how far to miss val was
prepared to go in order to achieve his
goal but what exactly was his goal what
outlandish scheme would involve
blackmailing and alcohol addicted sprite
the answer was gold Artemis's search had
begun two years previously when he first
became interested in surfing the
internet he had quickly found the more
our key insights alien abduction UFO
sightings and the supernatural but more
specific looks specifically the
existence of the people trawling through
gigabytes of data found hundreds of
references to fairies nearly every
country in the world each civilization
had its own term for the people but they
were undoubtedly members of the same
hidden family several stories mentioned
a book carried by each fairy it was
their Bible containing as allegedly did
the history of the race and the
commandments that give the governed
their extended lives of course this book
was written in gnomish a fairy text and
would be known used to any human artemis
believed that with today's technology
the book could be translated and with
this translation you could begin to
exploit a whole new group of features
know thine enemy was Artemis's motto so
he immersed himself in the lore of the
people until he compiled a huge database
of their characteristics but it wasn't
enough so Artemis put together put out a
call on the web irish businessman will
pay a large amount of US dollars to meet
a fairy sprite web
rock on fixie the responses had been
mostly fraudulent but ho chi minh city
had paid off Artemis was perhaps the
only person alive who could take full
advantage of his recent acquisition he
still retained a childlike belief in
magic tempered by an adult dirt
determination to exploit it if there was
anybody capable of revealing the fairies
are leaving the fairies of some of their
magical gold it was Artemis Fowl the
second it was early morning before they
reached foul manner Artemis was anxious
to bring up the file on his computer but
first he decided to call in on mother
Angelina foul was bedridden she'd been
since her husband's disappearance
nervous tension the physicians had said
the psychiatrist has said that nothing
too nervous tension the psychiatrist had
said nothing took for it but rest and
sleeping pills that was almost a year
ago Butler's little sister Juliet was
sitting at the front of the stairs her
gaze was boring a hole in the wall even
the glitter mascara couldn't soften her
expression Artemis has seen that look
already just before Jillian had sir plex
a particularly cheeky pizza boy the
starplex Artemis gathered was a
wrestling move an unusual obsession for
a teenage girl but then again she was
after all a butler problems Juliet
juhliet straightened hurriedly my own
fault Artemis apparently I left a gap in
the curtains mrs. foul couldn't sleep
hmm muttered Artemis scaling the oak
staircase slowly he worried about his
mother's condition she hadn't seen the
light of day in a long time now then
again chuchi miraculously recover
emerging revitalized from her bedchamber
it would signal the end of Artemis's own
extraordinary freedom it will be back
off to school no more SEC spearheading
criminal
is for you my lad he knocked gently on
the ark double doors mother are you
awake something smashed against the
other side of the door it sounded
expensive of course I'm awake how can I
sleep with his blinding glare Artemis
ventured inside an antique four-poster
bed through shadowspire's in the
darkness a pale sliver of light to put
through the gap in the velvet curtains
Angelyn file SAT hunched on the bed her
pale limbs glowing white in the gloom
Artemis darling where have you been arsh
miss side she recognized him that was a
good sign school trip mother skiing in
up Australia skiing in Austria sometimes
when i close my eyes i pretend
rapper never in